feat: Adding Dataspace definition from 20151 including note (#128)
eclipse-dataspace-protocol-base/DataspaceProtocol: specifications/common/terminology.md

<dfn>Dataspace</dfn>

> governance framework and supporting services to build trustworthiness and enable the sharing of data through an agreed set of [=Policies=], semantic models, protocols and processes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A governance framework and supporting technical services to build trustworthiness and enable data sharing through an agreed set of [=Policies=], semantic models, protocols, and processes
```
